today on the edgy veg I'm going to show
you how to make a delicious Oreo
Frappuccino using Oreos because they're
vegan let's do it let's get started to
make our Oreo Frappuccino it's super
super simple
we're just going to use some Oreo Oreo
style cookies a shot of espresso and
coconut sugar some coconut milk and your
favorite blender and ice have to get the
ice or else it's just like a lukewarm
Frappuccino which isn't really even a
Frappuccino at all so let's put all of
our ingredients into our blender first
thing we're going to do is add our
coconut milk I mean you can use almond
milk or soy milk if that's what you have
but I like the rich consistency of
coconut it's almost like ice cream we're
going to have some coconut sugar and
this just sweeten things up but
Starbucks they tend to use those like
artificial like corn syrup e sweeteners
and we don't do that around here we're
going to add our shot of espresso if you
are not okay with coffee just leave that
part out some ice oh no you won't escape
you're going in there just like
everybody else and then just break up a
couple Oreos or I think is the sweet
spot and then just blend it up
make sure that your top is attached oh
good gracious we're just going to go
ahead it's already messy and do it
anyway
well they're definitely not hiring me at
Starbucks anytime soon oh when that's
mixed just like like a true Pro stick
your finger in there and get the taste
that's perfect
take your favorite hipster drinking
vessel break a couple of these on top
and a straw straws are cool and voila
success great success all around except
for when I put Oreo Frappuccino
everywhere and there you have it a super
easy vegan Oreo and so delicious
perfect for like a hot summer day if you
like this recipe and would like to see
more Starbucks inspired recipes leave me
a comment below and don't forget give me
a thumbs up make sure that you subscribe
and follow me on Twitter and Instagram
on Facebook and touchchat buddy I'm
chemist co2 bed and I have a confession
to make
I'm addicted to vegan junk food and I
make it for you every week because it's
the vegan gateway drug so you can watch
it weekly right here to get your dose of
the edgy veg subscribe a death star you
can use a deep pot with oil on the stove
you can do it that way Denson Anna Anna